Completed codepen: https://codepen.io/jasonschwartz/pen/GRpKRVa?editors=1100

Questions:


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Markup language wherein the languaging used conveys meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to create the blueprint for the structure of a website. It is the barebones content before one adds design (css) and functionality (ie javascript)
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is something that describes an element. We put attributes inside of tags after the element. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for the main heading. It is recommended to only use once per page. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor tag and Input tag. 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The head of our HTML includes metadata that will not necessarily be dispayed to the user. Ie information for SEO and other pages that are being utilized or linked to. 
    7. What is an id? 
    An unique identifier that can be attached to an element. Only use once!
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    An identified that you can give to multiple elements that you want to share elements of style in common. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you need to. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Command + shift + click
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    If for some reason the image does not display, Alt gives the alternative text that is displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section has specific semantic meaning and div is non-semantic (has no specific meaning)
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for the design of a web page. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used for multiple elements that you want to have share certain styles. An id is unique and only used for one particular element. A class might be used for several images that you want to have the same border. An id might be used for one particular section that you want to have as a reference point (less likely to be used for style). 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    a parent child selector is when you select a child within its parent. This could be useful when you need to target a specific child but not the parent.  
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo selector is a selector that selects elements in a specific state (ie hovered over)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; lowercase; capitalize; 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* this is a comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm _____. You have to be careful because a lot of the 'child safety locks' that are present in the GUI are not present in the command line. When you delete something, it's gone FoReVeR. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control is great for collaboration and working solo to be able to save a project in time and be able to access that version later on. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Commit regularly. This will save your work. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "branchname"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    *student forks repo so it is their own
    *student adds TL as collaborator
    *student clones repo using terminal
    *student makes new branch (prob with first and last name) and makes any files + edits to be added, committed, and pushed
    *student creates pull request after making sure they are on the correct branch and adds TL as reviewer


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    An inline element (like span) is formatted in such a way that the element does not force a new line to be created. A block element (p) typically creates a line break. These attributes can be changed in CSS, but some properities can not be altered. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It is removed from normal document flow and has a fixed position on the screen
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    ?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block: p, ol, form
    inline: span, img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
    The box model refers to all aspects of spacing of objects in a page - content, margin, border, padding.  More powerful and customizable with Flexbox!



   --> 